[Tune] Add example and tutorial for DCGAN (#6400)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune-advanced-tutorial.rst

> Tune Advanced tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tune Advanced Tutorials
```

=======================

> In this page, we will explore some advanced functions in Tune with more examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this page, we will explore some advanced functionality in Tune with more examples.
```

Author: updated.

On this page:

.. contents::
    :local:
    :backlinks: none

A native example of Trainable
-----------------------------
As mentioned in `Tune User Guide <tune-usage.html#Tune Training API>`_, Training can be done
with either the `Trainable <tune-usage.html#trainable-api>`__ **Class API** or

> **function-based API**. Comparably, ``Trainable`` supports stateful Actor and checkpoint/restore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**function-based API**. Comparably, ``Trainable`` is stateful, supports checkpoint/restore functionality,
```

Author: updated.

and is preferable for advanced algorithms.

A naive example for ``Trainable`` is a simple number guesser:

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    from ray import tune
    from ray.tune import Trainable

    class Guesser(Trainable):
        def _setup(self, config):
            self.config = config
            self.password = 1024

        def _train(self):
            result_dict = {"diff": abs(self.config['guess'] - self.password)}
            return result_dict

    ray.init()
    analysis = tune.run(
        Guesser,
        stop={
            "training_iteration": 1,
        },
        num_samples=10,
        config={
            "guess": tune.randint(1, 10000)
        })

    print('best config: ', analysis.get_best_config(metric="diff", mode="min"))

The program randomly picks 10 number from [1, 10000) and finds which is closer to the password.

> As a subclass of ``ray.tune.Trainable``, Tune will convert ``Example`` into a Ray actor, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a subclass of ``ray.tune.Trainable``, Tune will convert ``Guesser`` into a Ray actor, which
```

Author: Updated.

changing the current values randomly.

As the training of the population of neural networks progresses, this process of exploiting and exploring
is performed periodically, ensuring that all the workers in the population have a good base level of performance
and also that new hyperparameters are consistently explored.

This means that PBT can quickly exploit good hyperparameters, can dedicate more training time to
promising models and, crucially, can adapt the hyperparameter values throughout training,
leading to automatic learning of the best configurations.

First we define a Trainable that wraps a ConvNet model.

.. literalinclude:: ../../python/ray/tune/examples/pbt_convnet_example.py
   :language: python
   :start-after: __trainable_begin__
   :end-before: __trainable_end__

The example reuses some of the functions in ray/tune/examples/mnist_pytorch.py, and is also a good
demo for how to decouple the tuning logic and original training code.

Here, we also override ``reset_config``. This method is optional but can be implemented to speed
up algorithms such as PBT, and to allow performance optimizations such as running experiments
with ``reuse_actors=True``.

> Then we define a PBT scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we define a PBT scheduler:
```

In {LOG_DIR}/{MY_EXPERIMENT_NAME}/, all mutations are logged in pbt_global.txt
and individual policy perturbations are recorded in pbt_policy_{i}.txt. Tune logs:
[target trial tag, clone trial tag, target trial iteration, clone trial iteration,
old config, new config] on each perturbation step.

Checking the accuracy:

.. code-block:: python

    # Plot by wall-clock time
    dfs = analysis.fetch_trial_dataframes()
    # This plots everything on the same plot
    ax = None
    for d in dfs.values():
        ax = d.plot("training_iteration", "mean_accuracy", ax=ax, legend=False)

    plt.xlabel("iterations")
    plt.ylabel("Test Accuracy")

    print('best config:', analysis.get_best_config("mean_accuracy"))

.. image:: images/tune_advanced_plot1.png

DCGAN with Trainable and PBT
----------------------------

The Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) (Goodfellow et al., 2014) framework learns generative
models via a training paradigm consisting of two competing modules – a generator and a
discriminator. GAN training can be remarkably brittle and unstable in the face of suboptimal

> hyper- parameter selection with generators often collapsing to a single mode or diverging entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hyperparameter selection with generators often collapsing to a single mode or diverging entirely.
```

As presented in `Population Based Training (PBT) <https://deepmind.com/blog/population-based-training-neural-networks>`__,

> PBT can help with the DCGAN training and next we're gonna to build a simple DCGAN demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PBT can help with the DCGAN training. We will now walkthrough how to do this in Tune.
```
